---
layout: post
title: Elon Musk
subtitle: #1470 Joe Rogan Podcast
tags: [Elon Musk, Joe Rogan, Neuralink]
---

  Last night before going to bed, I saw the last podcast titled Elon Musk. I was so pumped about it, because recently Mr.Musk tweeted interesting stuff. Even though I am not a tweeter guy I couldn't help myself but wonder about what was he saying.
  
  Everyone knows that Elon Musk's brain is not like our peasant brain. He calculates before talking and he is like a 5 years old with a super intelligence because he won't structure his sentences to look cool. He just talks his mind and assumes that everyone is at the same level. He assumes that we are all geniuses that, when talks about AI and neuralink, we can follow him easily. For us this subject is so futuristic we can not comprehend. But he made a great point about AI, he said that we are already using AI in our daily lives. He said phones are like a limb for us. He made a great point, he just wants humans to evolve and get rid of old problems. His mind is like a machine that sees a problem and searches for a solution, assumes that we have the same capabilities. Made me feel great, felt like Elon believed in regular person's intelligence is capable of anything.
   
   Do not forget the part about personal possessions. He sounded disappointed in materials that we all dreamed of. He said that it is a target (I cannot recall exact word :D ) or a vulnerability, which makes a lot of sense if you think about it. We all dream of personal items are going to make us better and happier, but it is not true after all. Money does not mean anything to him, he is focused on taking us to Mars. How sacrificial this thinking and makes you independent from a lot of things, which proves my point more and more. We just need to stop racing, this way there would be no race if you are not racing. We should be focusing on carrying humanity into a better place. When he said in 25 years we could have our personality in cloud, made me feel like he is going to bring us immortality. He knows that human life is limited, and you should not focus on the things that does not going to matter after all.
   
   Other thing about his tweets and the podcast, he made a really good point about how many great minds go to money oriented fields. So many intelligence people are in finance and in law. This was a great point I can not agree more, to me finance should be less complicated. It should be simple for a regular person, so anyone could understand it. After all we are all responsible for our financial decisions, also everyone has a responsibility in front of law.
   
   I do not talk about my personal life in this blog, maybe I should, I don't know. To me input coming from anonymous person is purer than a input coming from someone has a persona. I listen to podcasts daily, because of the current unemployment issue. I have to do UberEats on bike, pretty much everyday. I am really positive about what it provides me; it provides 3 hours of self reflection time, time to listen podcasts and audiobooks, and more importantly forces me to exercise. As you might guess I am not a regular exerciser but it changed me greatly now I can see clearer and more in touch with my body and mind. I strongly suggest anyone to do exercise daily, it had the biggest benefit for me.
