---
layout: post
title: Easy Win
subtitle: Wininng without playing
tags: [cheating, race, peace]
comments: true
---

People want to be a winner in their lives. No matter how it happens. I guess we are pushed in a way that, unless you are not winning in their games you are a loser. Because of this everyone wants to be a winner in a way. Because of this anything goes in the game.
People realise the weaknesses of others and they think that knowing it before others puts them in an advantageous position. Therefore they do not think it is abuse. I know I sound like a hippie sometimes but games have been this way for a long time and know people realising that game could be rigged. They are rigged so much that if you are playing the wrong game or god forbid born in a way that makes you the default loser, you lose the game you have not played. 
I used to blame people for abusing the power, but growing into a sympathetic personality made me realise most of the people will go the same way. Who would give away their power to a lesser. Rules of the society after all made by rulers. So that rules cannot be changed. Most progressive most advanced way is democratic way, so you are evil if you don’t believe in democracy or they ridicule you to oblivion.
I don’t touch subjects, I just talk my mind. I know that if I am not busy with something my mind will get stuck with this unfair world. I am not sitting in my mom’s basement with no work or no education and calling it unfair. Mind you I am fairly ‘successful’ according to the game but I still see unfair parts in life. So you have to beat the game and then you can comment on it. Without playing it you can not just say how it is.
People in power made the rules and taught us we have to behave in a manner. Manner that requires obedience. You need to be nice to people who are managing you, “all the managers are assholes we all have asshole managers.” so that you should not complain or confront them. How about we all complain and say what is wrong so that it can change. I feel less people are egoistic in our generation. They are not like old timers that say: ‘I had it bad, you are lucky because you are having it less bad.’ How about good? Why make others suffer if you have been in that position.
This turned into a generic rant instead of being a blog. But I like it this way and I feel the improvement so I am going to keep doing that. Stay safe and have a nice day. Support people who are in need. That could be, you. Do not forget.
